Create 2019-08-13-Ang-Li-Three-People-in-Turing.md (#67)
WhitakerLab/whitakerlab.github.io: _posts/blog/2019-08-13-Ang-Li-Three-People-in-Turing.md

---
layout: post
title: "Three amazing people in Turing"
categories: blog
date: 2019-08-13
modified:
share: true
author: Ang Li
---

> Some amazing people I met in Turing. :)

Reviewer: "Some amazing people I met at the Turing. :)"

> Some amazing people I met in Turing. :)

Reviewer: "Some amazing people I met at the Turing. :)"

## Bo Wang

> Bo Wang is a visiting researcher at Turing and work with Professor Terry Lyons based at Oxford. 

Reviewer: Bo Wang is a visiting researcher at the Turing and works with Professor Terry Lyons based at Oxford.

> I knew him because he is one of the organizers for Data science for mental health, an interest group aiming

Reviewer: I know him

Reviewer: Just realise this isn't clear - I mean change "I knew him" to "I know him" (I don't actually know him, although he sounds interesting so I wish I did!)

> I knew him because he is one of the organizers for Data science for mental health, an interest group aiming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I knew him because he is one of the organizers for Data science for mental health, an interest group aiming
```

to lead to suitable clinical interventions for mental health by using multi-modal data. Bo is interested in 

> developing clinically useful application for mental health by his expert in deep learning, also he’s working 

Reviewer: I recommend you change the following: 
application - applications
expert - expertise
also he's working - new sentence. He's also working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
developing a clinically useful application for mental health through his expert in deep learning. He’s also working 
```

on some other projects. One project he’s working on is to analyze speech signals of individuals with mental 

> disorders and try to help early identify clinical high risk individuals and aid the diagnose processing in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
disorders and try to help identify early high risk individuals and aid the diagnosis processing in
```

> psychiatry. He believe the key of such success could benefit more from novel methods integrated with prior 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
psychiatry. He believes the key of such success could benefit more from novel methods integrated with prior 
```

knowledge and correct data, and we could not only rely on the magic of AI. He’s very helpful and helped me 

> with establishing the azure server and applying for credits, which is crucial for my work in Turing. Bo may 

Reviewer: in Turing to "in the Turing". I think you put "Turing" a few times - in each case "the Turing" would be better :)

> with establishing the azure server and applying for credits, which is crucial for my work in Turing. Bo may 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with establishing the azure server and applying for credits, which is crucial for my work in the Turing. Bo may 
```

> come back to China one day and It would be exciting if I can collaborate with him on some project in the future. 

Reviewer: "It" to "it"

> come back to China one day and It would be exciting if I can collaborate with him on some project in the future. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
come back to China one day and it would be exciting if I can collaborate with him on some project in the future. 
```

## Alex Campbell

> Alex Campbell is an enrichment student at Turing and a PhD candidate at University of Cambridge. During Master 

Reviewer: "the Turing" and "the University go Cambridge", I recommend changing "During Master period" to "During his Masters"

> Alex Campbell is an enrichment student at Turing and a PhD candidate at University of Cambridge. During Master 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alex Campbell is an enrichment student at Turing and a PhD candidate at University of Cambridge. During his Master's 
```

> period, Alex used deep leanring technology in financial data mining and then he switched his main interest into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
period, Alex used deep learning technology in financial data mining and then he switched his main interest to
```

> period, Alex used deep leanring technology in financial data mining and then he switched his main interest into

Reviewer: Change leanring to "learning"

> brain science and mental disorder. Kirstie introduced Alex to me as he is also worked on projects using neuroimaging 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
brain science and mental disorders. Kirstie introduced Alex to me as he is also worked on projects using neuroimaging 
```

> data. One of his interests is to apply advanced AI models to data of human brain. Alex shared his recent work with me, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data. One of his interests is to apply advanced AI models to data on human brains. Alex shared his recent work with me, 
```

> where he used sophisticated machine learning model on a large-sample fMRI dataset to derive pathological brain circuits 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where he used a sophisticated machine learning model on a large-sample fMRI dataset to derive pathological brain circuits 
```

> in autism. Alex is very helpful and really an expert at deep learnig models. He suggested me that I could use Siamese 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in autism. Alex is very helpful and really an expert at deep learnig models. He suggested to me that I could use Siamese 
```

network to index maturity in my project, which is very useful. 

## Anujan Poologaindran

Anujan Poologaindran was a neurosurgeon in Canada and worked on a magic surgery for treatment-resistant depression 
patients. His work is very meaningful and helps many depressive patients to start a new life without the risk of 

> suicide. However, some of the patients tend to responde more to this surgery, which motiviated Anujan to further 

Reviewer: "responde" to "respond"

> suicide. However, some of the patients tend to responde more to this surgery, which motiviated Anujan to further 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
suicide. However, some of the patients tend to respond more to this surgery, which motiviated Anujan to further 
```

> investigate this heterogeneity and thus pursue a PhD degree at University of Cambridge. He's project here is pretty 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
investigate this heterogeneity and thus pursue a PhD degree at the University of Cambridge. His project here is pretty 
```

> cool and aims to identify some depression patients who could be most likely to respond for this surgery and find the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cool and aims to identify the depression patients who would be most likely to respond to this surgery and find the 
```

> optimal surgery target for each individual, which involving neurosurgery, neuroimaging and machine learning. He also 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
optimal surgery target for each individual, involving neurosurgery, neuroimaging and machine learning. He also 
```

> believes that the curcuit of this surgery targets is a transdiagnostic biomarker, and thus could be useful to apply 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
believes that the curcuit of this surgery targets is a transdiagnostic biomarker, and thus it could be useful to apply 
```

> this surgery for all patients who had a strong desire of suicide. I really love his ideas and hope he can move this 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this surgery to all patients who have strong suicidal urges. I really love his ideas and hope he can move this 
```
